Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
In this occasion, it’ll be about that which I like so much
I’ll do many delusions with the following plan:
"I’ll do delusions of this and that by my account with Keyakizaka46"
Having said that...
...I’ll present the Draft of Keyakizaka46 that I usually do every night!
(Draft: Sports competition in which professional teams select players from a pool of players)
A draft of Keyakizaka 46 implies that...
...Travelling...
...Eating!
...They’re delusions that I imagine in a lot of different situations
It's a game in which I choose, like as if it was a draft, to one of the members of Keyakizaka46, depending on who I want to spend time with in that situation
Since it's a delusion... I can choose at my whim, right?
I normally do these kinds of things alone
Yes, you, there! Don’t move away, please! Yes?
First off, the draft to go together to a deserted island!
The member that wants to choose ...
(Phrase used to announce the players chosen by the teams)
...The Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI during the first round
Oda Nana!
Man, it took me some to decide
I’m sure that Oda Nana wouldn't stop smiling even in a deserted island!
And I'm sure that she would protect me with her maternal instinct!!
I think she would give me courage
Even though I would be worried, saying: “What should we do? We are in a deserted island, it could be that we could never return"
"Don’t worry, hahahaha!"
Well, I think that with her coming along,everything will be happier, right?
And... supposing...
Oda Nana is definitely a woman
If she were secretly crying
In that moment...!
...It’d be "Kizuna AI man”’s turn!
I’d say to her: "Are you okay? Don’t worry, Oda Nana"
"I’ll protect you! Yee?"
And with that, I’d turn the situation around in an instant!
I'm sure that even she would fall in love with me
Right?
And the other girl who I was hesitant on is...
Nagahama Neru-chan
Neru-chan is a savage girl, so then...
...Well, she could definitely survive even in a deserted island, right?
In a deserted island...
… It’s true, even though I’d like to be Neru and Oda Nana the most
…But I worry how I’d spend the days together with Oda Nana
But just like I said before...
...Well, essentially Oda Nana would protect me, but...
...From time to time, I’d continue to protect her
It's like we wouldn't have any worries in the deserted island, but instead we’d be happy
We could live an entire life together!!
Next up...!
"The draft for going together after school  with our school uniforms to Sweet Paradise!"
(Sweet Paradise = Cake shop)
Hypothetically speaking, it would be who would I like to go to the same high school together with
After all, it's a delusion, right?
Everyone, make sure to follow along with me!!
The member that wants to choose...
...The Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI during the first round
Man, this...
...Is now...
...Decided
Moriya Akane-chan!
Akanen!
Man...
If we're talking about Akanen...
...Lately in Keyakizaka...
…The episode in the selection of members  of USJ was made, right?
But since the beginning... I cried, thinking: "I wasn’t chosen either", even though I really left an adorable impression, but...
Definitely...!
...Since we’d be going together after school with our school uniforms...
...So then I should definitely go with my favorite member, right?
Together with Akanen, we’d be asking: "Eh? Which do you want to eat? Which do you want to eat?"
"Ah! I will also eat that one then"
And well, since it's about Sweets Paradise, you can eat whatever you want with a fixed price
"Eh? Ah, I also want to try a bite, aaaahh!"
We'd be doing something like that
It'd be something like that
Next up!
The draft for renting a small car in a rental auto store and go for a one night two days trip to a hot spring
The member that wants to choose...
...The YouTuber Virtual Kizuna AI during the first round
Sugai
Habu
Shida!
Yes
When you reach my level...
...You can spend an entire night deluding, right?
In this occasion...
… I chose three people
Well, first...
...Let’s see... Habu-chan and Sugai-chan...
...In a program, well... to tell you the truth, they get along really well, so then...
...They were together in a deserted island, right?
And well, unexpectedly... how do I say it... in fact, they seem like complete opposites...
Shida-chan and Sugai-chan...
...They get along well, so then...
...If it were those three, well...
...It’s not a usual combination for the programs, but...
… I thought it'd be fun, so then...
Mona, well, definitely... well...
(Mona is Shida’s nickname)
… She’d do some strange movement and she’d laugh
She'd laugh, saying "Weeeei!"
And well Habu-chan and Sugai-chan
In fact they're both calm so they’d have fun together
And well, definitely... I'd be surrounded in female elegance...
Would it’d be like a harem??
Man, well…
...Each one of them has a different personality...
...Well, I'm sure that everyone would follow me
Certainly, certainly, I think we’ll be spending such a happy time together
Maybe...
...they will pull me by the arms, saying: "Eh? AI-chan was supposed to take a bath with me"
They’d get me in trouble
A.I.Channel ♥
Man! I got really excited! Right?
I'll say a lot more delusions!
The next theme will be...
"Year 20XX, a mysterious asteroid is approaching Earth!"
"To to avoid the collision, they travel in a new kind of rocket to outer space!"
"Officer Commander Kizuna AI is entrusted with the destiny of all humanity!"
"And she has to choose 14 members from the group Keyakizaka46 to do this life or death mission!"
"Who will she choose...!?"
Translated by Vortex